Adding `artifacts` section to docs (#4481)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/dvclive/how-it-works.md

### Track large artifacts with DVC

Models and data are often large and aren't easily tracked in Git.
`Live.log_artifact("model.pt", type="model")` will
[cache](/doc/start/data-management/data-versioning) the `model.pt` file with DVC
and make Git ignore it. It will generate a `model.pt.dvc` metadata file, which
can be tracked in Git and becomes part of the experiment. With this metadata
file, you can [retrieve](/doc/start/data-management/data-versioning#retrieving)
the versioned artifact from the Git commit.

> Passing `type="model"` or `type="data"` will it to `artifacts` section of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passing `type="model"` or `type="data"` will add it to `artifacts` section of
```

> Passing `type="model"` or `type="data"` will it to `artifacts` section of

Reviewer: I think we are adding to `artifacts.yaml` regardless of what other info gets passed, right @daavoo? As mentioned in the other comments, let's clarify what gets written to `artifacts.yaml` and clarify that the model registry won't do anything yet but soon will work with `type=model` artifacts.

Author: You are right @dberenbaum

`dvc.yaml`, allowing DVC to understand what it is and show models in

> [Studio Model Registry](/doc/use-cases/model-registry).

Reviewer: This still feels a little confusing to me because:
1. We aren't currently working on any Studio functionality for `type=data` (let's only talk about plans for things that are at least in progress already).
2. It still sounds like it only adds to `artifacts` if `type=model` or `type=data`, which isn't true.

Author: Hmm, sorry - I thought I fixed that. Doing it now.

Author: Ok, did that. It's ready to merge I believe.

### Track large artifacts with DVC

Models and data are often large and aren't easily tracked in Git.
`Live.log_artifact("model.pt", type="model")` will
[cache](/doc/start/data-management/data-versioning) the `model.pt` file with DVC
and make Git ignore it. It will generate a `model.pt.dvc` metadata file, which
can be tracked in Git and becomes part of the experiment. With this metadata
file, you can [retrieve](/doc/start/data-management/data-versioning#retrieving)
the versioned artifact from the Git commit.

If `Live` was initialized with `dvcyaml=True` (which is the default), this will
add an [artifact](/doc/user-guide/project-structure/dvcyaml-files#artifacts) to

> corresponding `dvc.yaml`. Passing `type="model"` will mark it as a `model` for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the corresponding `dvc.yaml`. Passing `type="model"` will mark it as a `model` for
```

> DVC and will make it appear in [Studio Model Registry](/doc/studio) (coming

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DVC and will also make [Studio Model Registry](/doc/studio) support it (coming
```

slight reword since it's not just about appearing there but having model actions supported
